Since the problem involves finding something on a sub array
we can effectively solve it with using the sliding window technique
First let us mark the window starting point at the
beginning of the array. After that the logic is simple.
In each step, add the next element to the window
until the window sum is greater than or equal to
given value.  If the sum value is greater than
or equal to S, mark the current length
After that don't move to the next element straightaway.
Try to reduce the current window and check
If we can achieve the same result with minimal length.
If possible update the current length
Otherwise do the same process for all the remaining elements
And finally we can return the smallest sub array length.
Whose sum is greater than or equal to S
In short grow the window till the subsum value is
greater than S.
After that try shrinking the same window to get the
same result with minimal length
If found, update the length
Otherwise grow the window and follow the same procedure till
the end of the array.
For example, let us take this array for
4 1 5 2 4 1  and the S value as seven
First add the value 4 to subsum and check
if it is greater than or equal to seven.
It is not. So add the next element one to the
window.
Now the subsum will be five and it is
also not greater than or equal to seven
So add the next element five to the window
Now the subsum will be 10 which is greater
than seven. So find
it's length and mark it.
It's length as three. So length is three
Now we can shrink the current window and see if
we can achieve the same result with minimal length
So skip the first element in the window by moving
wstart one position to the right
Now the window sum will be 10 - 4 which
is six. Six is less than seven
So even if we shrink further we can't get the
expected result.
So skip the shrinking process and start adding the next
element to the current window
So whenever we reach the subsum whose value is
greater than or equal to s, try reducing the current
window until the subsum value is less than given
value.  If it is less than S, start adding the
next element. Now add the next element two.
Now the subsum will be 6 + 2 which is 8.
and 8 is greater than or equal to 7
So find its length which is again 3.
So no need to update it.
We only need to update the length when we achieve
the same result with minimal length.
Now try to reduce the current window by moving the
wstart
The element 1 will be skipped and the subsum
value is 8-1 which is equal to 7
So here we have found the subarray with sum
value equal to 7. So find its length and update it
here length is 2 which is less than the current minimal
length. So update it to 2.
Now again try shrinking the window and see if we
can achieve the same result with minimal length
So skip the wstart element 5.
Now the window sum
value will be 7-5 which is 2
2 is less than 7
So even if we shrink further we can't get the
expected result.
So skip the shrinking process and start adding the next
element to the current window.
Now 4 will be added and the subsum will
be 6 which is still less than 7.
So element 1 will also be added.
Now the subsum value will be 7.
So find its length which is 3.
But we already have the expected result with sub array
length 2. So no need to update the length.
Now again try to reduce the window size. So element 2
will be subtracted from subsum 7. So 7-2 will be 5.
And since 5 is less than 7, we can't get
the expected result anymore. So we can skip the
process.
And finally the minimal length sub array whose sum is
greater than or equal to given value S, will be
stored in the variable length and we can return it
So in our case, the smallest sub array whose sum
greater than or equal to seven is 5 and 2
and its length is 2
So using this approach, you can try solving the problem.